OUR STORY

On behalf of you, the customer, Dearly Loathed sends bounties of horrific blessings to those who have done something to deserve 2,999 maggots wrapped up in a bow. At Dearly Loathed, we believe professionalism and accessibility are key to the experience of the gifter and the giftee.

Have any suggestions of your own? We are always open to appallingly ghastly ideas from our readers. E-mail us at dearlyloathed@darkweb.ca or phone us at 613-673-2902.




Dearly Loathed does not condone the selling and buying of illicit products. Dearly Loathed is a lighthearted website that requires all customers to agree to explicit terms and conditions, including the possibility of suffering or inflicting any kind of harm and/or trauma related to purchases made on dearlyloathed.com. To get more information, visit dearlyloathed.com/turds-and-conditions.




Among our range of all things creepy and crawly, you are sure to find the perfect package to make that special person’s day!


SHOP

2,999 maggots
$42

Because it’s hard to source 3,000 maggots exactly.

Possessed Doll
$28
Each comes with her own unique backstory.

Bioweapon (surprise)
$67
Contained in a petri dish for a delightful surprise.

Rabid Dog Froth
$20/litre
Packaged insanity. Literally.

Miscellaneous Bones
$50
Whose are they? Who’s asking?

Herb’s shirt
$90
Further information currently unavailable.



BUY



Straight from our readers comes a new take on our discontinued Leech-in-a-box product. Delight your enemies with the sheer insanity of 2,999 fly larvae (counted exactly) that comes with its own custom tag.

Larvae are shipped in a 5kg cubic styrofoam box. They are hungry and vicious. As is with all our products, they are sustainably and ethically sourced in our local Canadian suburbs.


A perfect gift to greet my ex-husband when he got home from his honeymoon with Shelia. THANK YOU, DEARLY LOATHED, FOR GIVING ME MY LIFE BACK!

Worked perfectly. Gave my enemy a shock. I thanked them by giving them a fresh feast.
